[Music]
twelve things everyone who likes
sleeping naked needs to know a lot of
people choose to sleep ba natural simply
because they find it more comfortable
but sleeping naked has science-based
pros and cons you probably didn't know
about who would have thought it could
help you lose weight before we start
take a moment to subscribe to our
Channel and turn on post notifications
to keep up with our updates one it helps
you get deeper sleep a survey of 1,500
people aged 25 to 55 in 6 different
countries showed that only 30 percent of
us sleep naked and the rest prefer to
stay in their underwear or some
comfortable pajamas one of the most
obvious reasons to sleep with no clothes
is to get deeper shut-eye scientists
from the University of Amsterdam found
that lowering your skin temperature
increases the quality of your sleep and
reduces the number of times you wake up
throughout the night sleeping naked is a
good way to keep your skin cool without
changing the temperature of your bedroom
plus pajamas limit your freedom of
movement so if you sleep in the nude you
won't have to worry about a nightie
getting all uncomfortably twisted up and
of course more comfort equals better and
deeper sleep 2 it's beneficial for your
skin
[Music]
unless you're a nudist all day long your
skin is covered by multiple layers of
clothes so by skipping on the sleepwear
you give your body especially the parts
that tend to sweat more than others like
your feet and private a chance to
breathe this can actually decrease the
risk of skin problems like athlete's
foot which is caused by wet restricted
skin plus sleeping and lower
temperatures protects ourselves and has
an anti-aging effect this is thanks to
melatonin also called the sleep hormone
which is responsible for preventing the
degeneration of cells 3 it keeps your
hair healthy and beautiful sweat can
seriously damage your hair when it dries
sweat leaves behind a lot of salt that
builds up on your scalp and can irritate
it a poor scalp health makes hair more
vulnerable to breakage mild and
ph-balanced shampoos and moisturizing
conditioners can save your hair but it
turns out that sleeping naked is also an
effective way to prevent hair breakage
sleeping in cooler temperatures means
less sweat and beautiful stronger hair 4
it's good for genital health a woman's
genitalia can be an ideal breeding
ground for fungi and bacteria sleeping
nude helps keep this area cool dry and
ventilated reducing the risk of
developing a UTI or a yeast infection
for men tight-fitting underwear
overheats the testes and can affect
semen quality and reproductive health to
keep your privates happy and healthy
never sleep in your underwear either
sleep buck-naked or go commando in your
jammies
five it builds confidence confidence is
key for a successful career and a
fulfilling social life sleeping naked
helps you become more confident in your
own skin it does take quite a bit of
courage to be fully naked even in the
comfort of your own home or next to your
partner a lot of people women in
particular usually feel self-conscious
about their bodies even if the supposed
flaws they have aren't actually there
when you embrace your body just the way
it is you exude confidence in whatever
clothing you decide to put on that
definitely helps in your professional
and personal life plus nothing beats
self-love number six it can help you
lose weight finally the moment you've
all been waiting for sleeping naked can
actually help with weight loss no we
can't just snooze the weight off but
when combined with diet and exercise
good quality sleep can help you slim
down according to researchers from the
National Institutes of Health sleeping
and lower temperatures not only means
deeper better sleep like we mentioned
earlier it also boosts metabolism and
prevents the progression of diabetes
also known as the stress hormone also
plays a role here if we get overheated
at night our cortisol levels stay high
plus our human growth hormone that's
responsible for cell renewal isn't
released at all so your body panics and
chooses to store fat instead of burning
it this in turn can lead to weight gain
increased anxiety and even junk food
cravings
[Music]
it keeps couples happy
cotton USA conducted a really
interesting survey in which they found
that among those who sleep naked
57 report having a happier relationship
with their partner only 48 percent of
people who sleep in their pajamas claim
the same thing and it's not just about a
couples sex life either it can simply be
cuddling or sleeping up against each
other the most important is skin-to-skin
contact which releases a huge amount of
oxytocin or the feel-good hormone
oxytocin makes you feel more relaxed and
floods you with affection for your loved
one
this in turn strengthens the physical
and emotional connection between two
people 8 you'll save money the most
practical benefit on the list that does
make sense doesn't it comfortable high
quality sleepwear can be pricey and the
cheaper ones just fall apart and don't
look as nice getting rid of pajamas
altogether can help save you money along
with all the other awesome benefits we
already mentioned you shouldn't sleep
negative 9 you're a sleepwalker
[Music]
if you're among the three percent of
people that sleepwalk don't throw away
your PJs there have been tons of cases
where naked sleepwalkers had problems
with their neighbors and even law
enforcement a study by travelpod
revealed that the number of sleep
walkers is growing it might be okay in
the comfort of your own home but if you
were staying in a hotel and walking
around naked in your sleep it can cause
a lot of discomfort for the staff and
other guests plus how humiliating is it
for the sleep walkers themselves so if
you suffer from this rare but
ever-growing condition don't bother
sleeping in your birthday suit 10 you
have sensitive skin if your skin is
really sensitive sleeping naked isn't
for you
in this case pajamas provide you with a
necessary protection from different
irritants exposed skin can cause
problems like allergic reactions skin
irritation and asthma due to dust and
bugs 11 you're prone to catching colts
if you easily catch colds from a
slightest little breeze don't go without
your pajamas at night this can be a real
issue for those who live in cooler
climates and don't have proper heating
the temperature drops at night so it's
important not to be exposed to
excessively low temperatures otherwise
you could wake up the next morning with
a nasty cold or flu so well you have
anxiety if you feel uncomfortable
sleeping in the nude or if you're
worried about your kids or roommates
barging into your bedroom unexpectedly
you won't sleep soundly because of your
anxiety just be sure to invest in good
quality pajamas that let your skin
breathe never forget that a good night's
sleep is essential for your health and
well-being
[Music]
do you prefer to sleep naked or in your
favorite PJ's time to confess it all in
the comments below we'd also be glad to
hear if you have any personal tips for
getting a better night's sleep if you
found this video useful make sure to
like it and send the link to your
friends so that they can get in on all
these amazing health benefits of
sleeping in the nude subscribe to our
Channel and stay with us on the bright
side of life
[Music]